new: provide local inference examples in colbert docs (#1574)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/fastembed/fastembed-colbert.md

)
```

<aside role="status">
Qdrant client has an integration with Fastembed which allows to skip the explicit process of vectors computation. (An example is under the spoiler).
</aside>

<details>
    <summary>Upload with implicit embeddings computation</summary>

```python
description_documents = [models.Document(text=description, model=model_name) for description in descriptions]
qdrant_client.upload_points(
    collection_name="movies",
    points=[
        models.PointStruct(
            id=idx,
            payload=metadata[idx],

>             vector=description_documents[idx]
>         )
>         for idx, vector in enumerate(descriptions_embeddings)

Author: ```suggestion
            vector=description_document
        )
        for idx, description_document in enumerate(description_documents)
```
